Add Sacrum, Enhance SC Seg & Expand DA for Multi-Contrast (#33)
neuropoly/totalspineseg: README.md

1. Prepare datasets in nnUNetv2 structure into `$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA/nnUnet`:
   ```bash
   bash "$TOTALSPINESEG"/scripts/prepare_nnunet_datasets.sh [DATASET_ID] [-noaug]
   ```

   The script optionally accepts `DATASET_ID` as the first positional argument to specify the dataset to prepare. It can be either 101, 102, 103, or all. If `all` is specified, it will prepare all datasets (101, 102, 103). By default, it will prepare datasets 101 and 102.

   Additionally, you can use the `-noaug` parameter to prepare the datasets without data augmentations.

1. Train the model:
   ```bash
   bash "$TOTALSPINESEG"/scripts/train_nnunet.sh [DATASET_ID [FOLD]]
   ```

   The script optionally accepts `DATASET_ID` as the first positional argument to specify the dataset to train. It can be either 101, 102, 103, or all. If `all` is specified, it will train all datasets (101, 102, 103). By default, it will train datasets 101 and 102.

   Additionally, you can specify `FOLD` as the second positional argument to specify the fold. It can be either 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or all. By default, it will train with fold 0.

## Inference

> 1. If you didn't train the model yourself, you should download the model zip file from the release into `$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA/nnUNet/exports` (without extracting, you can run `mkdir -p "$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA"/nnUNet/exports` before).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you didn't train the model yourself, you should download the model zip file from the release into `$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA/nnUNet/exports` (do not extract the zip files)
> you can run `mkdir -p "$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA"/nnUNet/exports` to create the folder.
```

1. Ensure training dependencies are installed:
   ```bash
   apt-get install git git-annex jq -y
   ```

1. Download the required datasets into `$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA/bids` (make sure you have access to the specified repositories):
   ```bash
   bash "$TOTALSPINESEG"/scripts/download_datasets.sh
   ```

1. Temporary step (until all labels are pushed into the repositories) - Download labels into `$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA/bids`:
   ```bash
   curl -L -O https://github.com/neuropoly/totalspineseg/releases/download/labels/labels_iso_bids_0524.zip
   unzip -qo labels_iso_bids_0524.zip -d "$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA"
   rm labels_iso_bids_0524.zip
   ```

1. Prepare datasets in nnUNetv2 structure into `$TOTALSPINESEG_DATA/nnUnet`:
   ```bash
   bash "$TOTALSPINESEG"/scripts/prepare_datasets.sh [DATASET_ID] [-noaug]
   ```

   The script optionally accepts `DATASET_ID` as the first positional argument to specify the dataset to prepare. It can be either 101, 102, 103, or all. If `all` is specified, it will prepare all datasets (101, 102, 103). By default, it will prepare datasets 101 and 102.

>    Additionally, you can use the `-noaug` parameter to prepare the datasets without data augmentations.

Author: But why anyone want to train without the data augmentation if it is not working?
Did you try without DA? Maybe you have the approximate size?

>    Additionally, you can use the `-noaug` parameter to prepare the datasets without data augmentations.

Reviewer: I can check yes but I did not run the full DA yet. I just think having an approximate information of the size is a good information before running the command

>    Additionally, you can use the `-noaug` parameter to prepare the datasets without data augmentations.

Author: https://github.com/neuropoly/totalspineseg/blob/1f607385f2fe46e5a6ef2788003882277a015f6f/README.md?plain=1#L89
this is with DA. can you add the info for without DA?

>    Additionally, you can use the `-noaug` parameter to prepare the datasets without data augmentations.

Reviewer: Yes you're right ! I think we are good with this point then
